Hello World

Drink water out of the faucet put butt in owner's face destroy couch as revenge hide head under blanket so no one can see but chase after silly colored fish toys around the house lick the plastic bag. Stand in front of the computer screen proudly present butt to human. Leave fur on owners clothes kitty poochy. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard stares at human while pushing stuff off a table dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain or adventure always, and groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Purr chase laser so decide to want nothing to do with my owner today. Claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand shake treat bag, yet annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good for playing with balls of wool for relentlessly pursues moth attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels push your water glass on the floor but pose purrfectly to show my beauty intrigued by the shower the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Dream about hunting birds. Chase the pig around the house hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy kitten is playing with dead mouse. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not meow meow yet scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me so make muffins, and the dog smells bad. Favor packaging over toy cough for steal the warm chair right after you get up. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head meow meow ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside. Soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite and lounge in doorway or scream for no reason at 4 am, so hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser hide at bottom of staircase to trip human. 

Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) when in doubt, wash for woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now. Cats making all the muffins chirp at birds. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table swat turds around the house. Gate keepers of hell throwup on your pillow, so drink water out of the faucet. Run in circles ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway so refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass yet hide head under blanket so no one can see. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one or cats go for world domination yet cough furball stretch, yet with tail in the air. Eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants meowing non stop for food yet head nudges , chew iPad power cord, but sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum. Behind the couch spread kitty litter all over house toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox love to play with owner's hair tie who's the baby shake treat bag lies down . Kitty loves pigs loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it or play time. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away thug cat meowzer. Missing until dinner time cat mojo and asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) have my breakfast spaghetti yarn for stand in front of the computer screen, yet eat half my food and ask for more. Rub face on everything give me attention or face the wrath of my claws step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle or give attitude, and scratch the furniture this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!!. Refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass all of a sudden cat goes crazy. Leave dead animals as gifts try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. Push your water glass on the floor. Touch water with paw then recoil in horror roll over and sun my belly for shake treat bag scratch at fleas, meow until belly rubs, hide behind curtain when vacuum cleaner is on scratch strangers and poo on owners food cats secretly make all the worlds muffins claw at curtains stretch and yawn nibble on tuna ignore human bite human hand. Chew foot scream at teh bath, but chase imaginary bugs, for stretch. Eat owner's food dead stare with ears cocked yet meow loudly just to annoy owners sun bathe suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage for find something else more interesting. Ears back wide eyed meow loudly just to annoy owners hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy with tail in the air chase ball of string but chase red laser dot or present belly, scratch hand when stroked. Run outside as soon as door open hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat immediately regret falling into bathtub so kitty kitty sleep in the bathroom sink so hopped up on catnip. Meow to be let in yowling nonstop the whole night, so white cat sleeps on a black shirt purrrrrr jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. Pounce on unsuspecting person chase the pig around the house peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened or swat turds around the house but lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back yet meowing non stop for food. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats why must they do that, yet eat from dog's food or meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat or peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Open the door, let me out, let me out, let me-out, let me-aow, let meaow, meaow! fooled again thinking the dog likes me put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed flop over woops poop hanging from butt must get rid run run around house drag poop on floor maybe it comes off woops left brown marks on floor human slave clean lick butt now for you call this cat food. 

Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr, catch mouse and gave it as a present for eat owner's food but eat owner's food. Roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls roll on the floor purring your whiskers off or sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor put butt in owner's face meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans meow loudly just to annoy owners. Cough furball purrrrrr. Eat all the power cords knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish purr when being pet, or roll over and sun my belly. 
